# Arches theory

This is a book about my theoretical model for the understanding power and money (how to have them) from a labor (worker) perspective. It is a compendium that segments this problem into various models that work together to form a grounded understanding of the interactions that generates one given state of the Market. As a bonus, this books suggests how to use those models to understand your position on your current market and how to analyse the position of the most relevant close (intractable) players in order to build an intentional arch for yourself. In other words, it server as a guideline for you to understand and design the path for you to build your wealth in a unlimited scale ( it’s more complicated than that, but it can be unlimited ).

This whole analysis is personal, meaning it’s focus on an individual. It seeks for simplicity and applicability and it doesn’t aim to be a final truth. So, as much as anything in science evolve, so may those concepts that will follow and also the techniques. 

As a disclaimer, nothing here is extensively tested or came from universities. I’ve been applying those techniques myself and using this approach to understand complex situations for over 15 years. Some people have benefit from this and applied on their lives for different matters and that’s what motivated me to put it on paper to further explore the concepts, but it doesn’t count as nothing but anecdotal proof, but I hope it helps some other folks around the globe to achieve to better understand the market and the impact of being intentional on their lives in other to achieve their goals.

But overall, this is the Arches theory that are so called because it intends to be a model for understanding any given result or position on the market as the sum of those arches that produced this result and, because human nature is the same, it gives the power of predictability, meaning that it’s possible to determine an arbitrary position ( such as being a billionaire in the stock market ) and then calculate what actions should be taken today to get there and also estimate how long would it take to do so for each path generate from the arches calculated.
